README.md, before:

JsonAnnotationBundle
=================

The JsonAnnotationBundle permits to use an annotation Json for your controller

# Usage

Use the annotation @Json() in your controller

## The reponse

### The normal response
It is a json stream with the property 'success' with the true value and the property 'data' containing the array returned in the controller
### The exception response
It is a json stream with the property 'success' with the false value and the property 'message' containing the error 
# Examples
## Import the bundle using composer
    "tbn/json-annotation-bundle": "dev-master"
## Import the bundle in your AppKernel
    new tbn\JsonAnnotationBundle\JsonAnnotationBundle()
## The normal response Example

    use tbn\JsonAnnotationBundle\Configuration\Json;
 
    class DefaultController extends Controller
    {
 
         /**
          * The main view
          *
          * @Route("/someroute")
          * @Json()
          *
          * @return array
          */
         public function somerouteAction()
         { 
  	         return array('data1' => 'value1', 'data2' => 'value2');
         }
      }

It will send back a json stream

     'success' => true
     'data'    => ['data1' => 'value1', 'data2' => 'value2']

## The exception response

 use tbn\JsonAnnotationBundle\Configuration\Json;
 
     class DefaultController extends Controller
     {
         /**
          * The main view
          *
          * @Route("/someroute")
          * @Json()
          *
          * @return array
          */
         public function somerouteAction()
         { 
    	     throw \Exception('some error occured');
         }
     }

It will send back a json stream

     'success' => false
     'message'    => 'some error occured'

Commit message:

Use configuration parameters for the json listener. Add the possiblity to send back post parameters.

README.md, after:

JsonAnnotationBundle
=================

The JsonAnnotationBundle permits to use an annotation Json for your controller

# Usage

Use the annotation @Json() in your controller

#Configuration

Some parameters are optionnals: 

		json_annotation:
				exception_code: 500 #the http code used for the exception 
            	data_key: "data" # the key used to contains the data, it can be directly at the root, using the "" parameter
            	exception_message_key: "message" #the key for the exeception message            
            	success_key: "success" #the key for the success (that is true is the result is ok, false for an exception)
            	post_query_back: false #do we send back the post parameters
            	post_query_key: "query" #the key for the post back parameters
            


## The reponse

### The normal response
It is a json stream with the property 'success' with the true value and the property 'data' containing the array returned in the controller
### The exception response
It is a json stream with the property 'success' with the false value and the property 'message' containing the error 
# Examples
## Import the bundle using composer
    "tbn/json-annotation-bundle": "dev-master"
## Import the bundle in your AppKernel
    new tbn\JsonAnnotationBundle\JsonAnnotationBundle()
## The normal response Example

    use tbn\JsonAnnotationBundle\Configuration\Json;
 
    class DefaultController extends Controller
    {
 
         /**
          * The main view
          *
          * @Route("/someroute")
          * @Json()
          *
          * @return array
          */
         public function somerouteAction()
         { 
  	         return array('data1' => 'value1', 'data2' => 'value2');
         }
      }

It will send back a json stream

     'success' => true
     'data'    => ['data1' => 'value1', 'data2' => 'value2']

## The exception response

 use tbn\JsonAnnotationBundle\Configuration\Json;
 
     class DefaultController extends Controller
     {
         /**
          * The main view
          *
          * @Route("/someroute")
          * @Json()
          *
          * @return array
          */
         public function somerouteAction()
         { 
    	     throw \Exception('some error occured');
         }
     }

It will send back a json stream

     'success' => false
     'message'    => 'some error occured'
